ASSALAM O ALAIKUM!
Attention Required
Saylani Web and Mobile Development course - Batch3! 
Assignment 15- Week15
Note: It’s very important, and nice to have problem solving skill as a developer, please don’t try to catch concept for any problem from anywhere and try to code it! 
Submit: https://forms.gle/N3Mhe6uJnVyAV9yj6
Conditions
1. Write a js program to find maximum between two numbers.
2. Write a js program to find maximum between three numbers.
3. Write a js program to check whether a number is negative, positive or zero.
4. Write a js program to check whether a number is divisible by 5 and 11 or not.
5. Write a js program to check whether a number is even or odd.
6. Write a js program to check whether a year is leap year or not.
7. Write a js program to check whether a character is alphabet or not.
8. Write a js program to input any alphabet and check whether it is vowel or consonant.
9. Write a js program to input any character and check whether it is alphabet, digit or special character.
Strings Handling
1. Write a js program to find length of a string.
2. Write a js program to copy one string to another string.
3. Write a js program to concatenate two strings.
4. Write a js program to compare two strings.
5. Write a js program to convert lowercase string to uppercase.
6. Write a js program to convert uppercase string to lowercase.
7. Write a js program to toggle case of each character of a string.
8. Write a js program to find total number of alphabets, digits or special character in a string.
9. Write a js program to count total number of vowels and consonants in a string.
10. Write a js program to count total number of words in a string.
11. Write a js program to find reverse of a string.
12. Write a js program to check whether a string is palindrome or not.
13. Write a js program to reverse order of words in a given string
14. Write a js program to find first occurrence of a character in a given string.
15. Write a js program to find last occurrence of a character in a given string.
Array Handling
1-Write a js program to read and print elements of array.
2. Write a js program to print all negative elements in an array.
3. Write a js program to find sum of all array elements.
4. Write a js program to find maximum and minimum element in an array.
5. Write a js program to find second largest element in an array.
6. Write a js program to count total number of even and odd elements in an array.
7. Write a js program to count total number of negative elements in an array.
8. Write a js program to copy all elements from an array to another array.
9. Write a js program to insert an element in an array.
10. Write a js program to delete an element from an array at specified position.
Math Methods
1-Write a js program to round the number, without using the math.round method! 
2-Write a js program to ceil the number without using math.ceil method!
3-Write a js program to floor the number without using the math.floor method!
Loops
1. Write a js program to print all natural numbers from 1 to n. - using for loop
2. Write a js program to print all natural numbers in reverse (from n to 1). - using for loop
3. Write a js program to print all alphabets from a to z. - using for loop
4. Write a js program to print all even numbers between 1 to 100. - using forloop
5. Write a js program to print all odd number between 1 to 100.
Happy Coding!
Naveed